
background                = default   default
frame                    = black     default
window_title            = black     default
directory                = black     default
selected_directory        = white     black
playlist                = black     default
selected_playlist        = white     black
file                    = black     default
selected_file            = white     black
marked_file                = black     default
marked_selected_file    = white     black
info                    = black     default
selected_info            = white     black
marked_info                = black     default
marked_selected_info    = white     black
status                    = black     default
title                    = black     default
state                    = black     default
current_time            = white     black
time_left                = black     default
total_time                = black     default
time_total_frames        = black     default
sound_parameters        = black     default
legend                    = black     default
disabled                = black     default
enabled                    = white     black
empty_mixer_bar            = black     default
filled_mixer_bar        = white     black
empty_time_bar            = black     default
filled_time_bar            = white     black
entry                    = black     default
entry_title                = black     default
error                    = black     default
message                    = black     default
plist_time                = black     default
